♪ You're looking for me, I see ♪
♪ Come in my direction ♪
♪ All I can live by ♪
♪ Is what you've
got to give me ♪
♪ Oh my heart can't take it ♪
♪ Is what you're never making ♪
Go, go, go, go, go!
Your phone, I need your phone!
Get your phone!
Hey, get your phone!
Hey, I need your phone!
Ma'am, I need your phone, hey!
- I need your phone.
- Get your phone.
Come on, lady, let's go!
Hey.
Rose!
Give me a hand with this?
Holy shit, almost carjacked.
Watch out!
Fuck!
Get out of the street, Rose.
You could have been killed.
Hey, I can take you.
Mom, it's less than a mile.
Well, weather said
it might storm.
Looks pretty nice out to me.
Okay.
Be safe, okay?
I love you.
I love you too.
I'll be back tonight.
Okay.
Shh!
Sorry.
Hey.
Well, I guess welcome.
Sit.
Did you hear that Harden lost
their star basketball player?
He was hit by a car,
he died right there.
Maybe we'll actually
win this year.
Too soon.
Hey, you just moved here, right?
2626 Pacific?
Mini-Cooper?
Yeah sorry, that was
a really weird day.
Health, me too, come on!
- Slut!
This doesn't look like Room 220.
Relax, you're fine.
It's my first day so I
feel like I should just...
Really, it's Coach Daly.
He doesn't give a fuck.
Plus he likes me, a lot.
So spill it. What's your story?
I don't really have a story.
Right, because moving halfway
through the year
isn't shady as fuck.
How is that shady?
Well, I mean most families wait.
Let you finish out
the school year.
Unless you're running
from something.
It's just my Dad's job.
He got transferred
here so we moved.
Hmm, where'd you move from?
Bangor, Bangor, Maine.
Jesus Christ, don't
let the animals
around here find that out.
Why not?
How many
variations of Bang-her
and your name can you handle?
Oh fuck!
You're not gonna go in
there and get that are you?
It's my lucky pen.
I've used it for like every
test since sixth grade.
Gross.
Yeah, well I've never gotten
less than an A with it.
Really gross.
Is there a reason you
two aren't in class?
Rose got her period.
She should be happy if
she's anything like you.
Scariest movie ever.
Mother fucker.
Is that Lila Larson,
the cheerleader?
More like cheer-cunt.
Or is it cunt-leader?
Who's with her, is that...?
- No one, no one.
- Does he go to our school?
Just, let's get some snacks.
Hey, Biology class, what's up?
Hi.
Do you like your movie?
Yeah, it's a deranged killer
in the woods with a Mom complex.
I mean, what's not to like?
I know right, it's classic.
Great, so we're gonna
take two large popcorns,
a set of drinks, and
some Milk duds please.
Are you guys hiring?
Yeah, yeah, I guess we are.
Are you looking for a job?
My Mom just wants me to get one.
That is awesome.
I can totally hook you up.
That is awesome, I'm actually
looking for a job too
so you can hook both of us up.
You look so happy?
That was a long time ago.
You look so good in pink, you
should wear it more often.
Did you find a movie yet or not?
No, I feel like horror movies
aren't really scary anymore.
Oh, you wanna be scared?
What, are you gonna get a
Ouija board or something?
No, what am I, eight?
Here, give me this.
Um, let's see if this
is scary enough for you.
Okay, I found this game,
47, have you heard of it?
It's a summoning game.
No, I haven't, what is it?
It says it's a two-player game
where you do this weird ritual
and then set a photo timer
on your phone for 10 seconds.
So we're summoning the
dead from our phones?
The iDead!
I don't know, TVs,
mirrors, why not a phone?
It's just a portal.
Doesn't work, but...
Or maybe you're just scared.
No, I'm not scared.
Okay.
First, light a candle
between the two players.
Lame.
You take a piece
of paper and write
"To... the darkness...
...I am bound."
Then....
Uh...
Give me your finger.
Give me your finger!
Ow!
You put a drop of blood from
each player on the page.
Into the flame bound by
blood, bound by darkness.
And then, I need your phone.
Why can't we use your phone?
Just give me your phone.
Okay, it says...
All you have to do is
set the photo timer
on your phone and then..
...and then we pass the
phone back and forth
while saying the
summoning chant.
Whoever it lands on loses.
Okay, from the fires of
Hell we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
Hurry, go!
- From the fires of Hell.
- From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of...
Looks like you lose.
What does it mean if I lose?
Um.
What does it say?
Nothing, you're
right, it's lame.
Looking into the lens, you
are summoning an evil spirit,
taunting it to kill one of you.
And whoever's left
holding the camera
when the photo snaps
will die within 47 hours.
Okay, unless you play the
game with someone else
and the phone snaps
on their picture
and then you pass the
death curse off onto them.
It's just a death curse.
Right.
Oh my God, you don't really
think this is real, do you?
It's just a game, calm down.
Yeah, well you're
not the one who lost.
Okay.
Oh crap, it's
late, I have to go.
Just sleep over.
No I can't, my
parents are really
overprotective since I...
It's a long story, I'll
tell you about it later.
Okay, I mean, you only
live a couple houses
down, what's the big deal?
I know, I'll explain
it another time.
I'll see you tomorrow, okay?
Okay.
Bye.
Come on!
Hey, can we talk for a second?
Yeah, what's up?
I'm really afraid I'm gonna die.
Oh God, is this
because of the sirens?
Look, I told you, it's Texas.
They go off all the time.
Trisha Harden fell from
the I-20 Highway overpass
onto oncoming traffic.
Shit.
Who's Trisha Harden?
Rachel Grady drowned in her pool
and she was a state
swim champion.
Carla McCann disappeared
and she was presumed dead
after she talked to her parents.
I'm sorry, who are these people?
It's the game, Cadence.
They all just died
after playing the game.
Are you talking
about the phone game?
The game that we
played yesterday?
Oh my God, you're
actually freaking out.
You know it's just
a bunch of stories
made up by some
horror geeks, right?
They're real obituaries,
and people are dead.
People die every
fucking day, okay?
It's not from some
stupid iPhone game.
Look, you spent all night
looking stuff
up on the internet.
That's gonna make
anyone go crazy.
I mean, one time I
got this spider bite
and I spent all night
researching spider bites.
I thought I was gonna die.
I begged my Mom to
take me to the clinic.
But I didn't die, I was fine.
I don't know, the internet
has that affect on people.
There's like a name
for it or something.
This is different.
It's just the
worldwide mind fuck.
Seriously, listen to yourself.
A game we found on the internet
is gonna kill you, really?
Something's already happening.
Is this why you had to
leave your last school,
'cause you're fucking nuts?
I'm just tired and
I think the sirens really
got to me last night.
How old are y'all?
We're 17.
Actually, almost 18.
And if you
read the app it turns
out that I am also a peer tutor.
And I was on the
Wag App for like a week.
You come ready to
work on Thursday.
Don't be late.
If you ain't 10 minutes
early, you're 15 minutes late.
♪ Let's all go to the lobby ♪
♪ Let's all go to the lob... ♪
Ugh.
♪ Let's all go to the lobby ♪
Cadence?
Hello?
Is anybody here?
Hey, open up!
What's wrong, what's
wrong, what's wrong?
What happened?
A demon, a monster in
there, it attacked me!
Me kill you, Rose!
You die now!
Oh, you're so stupid!
You know what I mean?
Have you ever heard of the
expression "speak of the devil"?
Yeah, like when you talk about
somebody and they show up?
It comes from the idea that
if you speak of the devil
then you're inviting him in.
Okay, where are you
going with this?
I think that when
we played 47 Hours
we were inviting something in.
You don't actually
believe that do you?
Not logically, but...
But what?
I mean, I think that
if I break a mirror
or a black cat walks in front
of me I'm not gonna get hurt,
but I still try my best
to avoid doing that stuff.
Okay.
I mean, you're not even a
little bit superstitious?
No, I own a fucking
black cat, I don't care.
Well, what if I
took your lucky pen?
- And broke it.
- Stop!
See, that's exactly
what I'm talking about.
If you can manifest
positivity and good luck
then you can manifest evil.
That's completely different.
How is that different?
This is so stupid.
Cadence, what are you doing?
You don't want the curse
on you anymore, right?
All you have to do is
play with someone else
and have them lose.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of
Hell we dare you to...
There you go.
No more curse, no
more freaking out.
You're free to move
about the cabin.
What about the rituals like
the candles and the, what?
I just made that part up.
Okay, thank you.
- See you tomorrow.
- Yeah.
So we'll get to learn
about it next week.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah of course, you did great.
Thanks, bye.
See you.
Peer tutoring?
Nerd.
You just went to detention,
you're a delinquent.
I'm just a product
of my environment.
Well, you said it.
I'm taking you out.
You girls better hurry.
I think Planned
Parenthood closes at six.
You should really
get a punch card
for your abortions, Cadence.
You might get your
fifth one free.
Oh.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, good one.
No really, you're funny,
what else do you got?
Tell me more.
Are you a fucking psycho?
Get outta here.
Uh, not as good.
I guess you're not as
funny as I thought.
Just leave you whore, God!
You know, you should
really enjoy your
last year here, Lila, 'cause
this bitchy cheerleader thing
you got going on doesn't
work after high school.
You fucking loser.
Your life is already fucked.
And everyone here
knows about you and
that shit stays with
you, right girls?
You might as well just like,
I don't know, kill yourself.
Later, bitches!
Is she serious?
Due to the severe
weather we're experiencing,
all school events will
have to be rescheduled.
New times will be posted
first thing in the morning.
Thank you.
Fuck me.
♪ Let's all go to the lobby,
let's all go to the lobby ♪
♪ Let's all go to the lobby
to get ourselves a treat ♪
♪ Delicious things to eat ♪
♪ The popcorn can't be beat ♪
♪ The sparkling drinks
are just dandy ♪
♪ The chocolate
bars and the candy ♪
♪ So let's all go to the lobby ♪
♪ To get ourselves a treat ♪
♪ Let's all go to the lobby ♪
Cadence.
And there was, there
was a man coming.
No, there was a.
Oh, it's nothing.
They just need to run a
few minutes of the film
to calibrate the projectors.
It wasn't a film.
I think he's gonna
get really mad at us
if we take any longer.
Will you run back and I'll
come back as soon as I can?
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah, um, yeah.
It was just a film.
I think I'm just tired.
- Is not about...
- Ladies and gentlemen...
No, it's not about anything.
We will be
closing early tonight
due to severe weather.
Pick up your free
pass on the way out,
drive safe, and
come back and see us.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come,
through darkness.
Cadence.
Cadence, please turn that down.
I'm exhausted.
The tornado warning in
the Central Dallas Area
in Southport remains in effect
until about 9:30 tonight.
The major part of the
cell as you can see
is centered along I-20, and
within this cell is a supercell,
so with all the
moisture in the air
and this cold front
pushing that air down
slowly generating a
massive amount of energy.
And the storm will continue to
build as the evening goes on,
but right now there is
no confirmed tornado.
Cadence?
Hey, did you just call me
through a blocked number?
No, why what's up?
Nothing, I just got a
call from a blocked number
and I thought it was you.
Why would I block my number?
I don't know.
Is everything okay?
Yeah I just, I figured you were
freaking out because of
the storm or something.
You kinda sound funny?
Funny how?
Funny like a clown?
You are so odd.
Later, hater.
Hey.
Yeah?
You'd tell me if anything
weird at all was
happening, right?
Weird like curse weird?
I can't believe your still
obsessed with that stupid game.
Just promise, okay?
Okay, I promise.
Okay.
Freak.
The storm is
possible until it passes you by.
Of course unless you have
a storm shelter to go into.
So let's check in
now with Jeff Weiss
in Storm Spotter One.
Where do you think you're going?
I just need to go to
Cadence's house for a minute.
Are you kidding me?
No, Ma'am, there's
a tornado watch.
It's for a school project, Mom.
No, absolutely not.
Whatever.
Weather changes
to watch across the country.
Get your umbrellas and your
booties if you're going out.
Oh, what the fuck?
What the hell are you doing?
I need you to play
the game with me.
I know that's stupid and
you think I'm crazy but I just
can't get it out of my head
and I really don't
want you to die.
I'm not gonna die.
Okay, then just play with me.
And then you don't have
to talk to me ever again.
And I will figure out the
rest of the game by myself
I just need you to
play it with me, okay?
Okay, okay, I'll do it.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come,
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come,
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of
Hell we dare you to...
Okay, I will leave
you alone now.
Wait, your Mom let you go
in the storm like this?
I snuck out my window.
Hey, what is that smell?
What smell?
It smells like gas.
That's weird, I
don't smell anything.
You seriously need
to quit smoking.
Your sense of smell is whacked.
Just don't light any matches.
Hey, since you already
snuck out and everything
do you wanna hang out for a bit?
My Mom's not coming
home tonight.
Okay.
What?
Can I ask you something?
Yeah.
What really happened in Maine?
Just what I told you,
that my dad lost his job
and then he got a new job here.
You can't bullshit
a bullshitter.
I know something happened.
Look, I'm not gonna judge you.
I'm sure whatever you did, I've
done a helluva lot worse so.
There was...
There was this guy, Cory,
who was a junior
when I was a freshman
in my old high school,
who I really liked.
And he decided to
throw a party one night
and all of my
friends and I went.
And he gave me a lot of shots,
which I wasn't really used to
'cause I don't really drink.
And I just had one after the
other and got really drunk
to the point of
almost passing out.
And then I woke up in his
bedroom and all the lights
were out and his hands
were all over me,
and I kept telling him
to stop and he wouldn't.
I told my Mom the next day
'cause I tell her everything,
and I begged her
not to tell anyone.
But she did, she tried
to press charges.
And then everyone
at school found out.
And they called me a liar,
and just made my
life a living hell.
It was really impossible
to be around them anymore
so I just couldn't
go back to school
What happened to him?
Nothing, he went
to a Big 12 school
and I think he got
a full scholarship.
Wow.
I mean, what's your story?
I don't have a story.
I'm perfect, I'm
actually thinking
about running for
class president so.
What is this?
Oh my God, Cadence.
Yeah, I.
I got them to take
down a lot of the pages
but they just keep
popping up more.
Did you call the police?
No, like you said,
you press charges
and it just gets worse.
I just kinda wanna
forget it ever happened.
I'm really sorry.
Fuck 'em, right?
Yeah.
Don't worry, I told you
they go off all the time.
Just go before your
Mom freaks out.
Go, good night!
Pink.
I thought black was the
official color of teen angst.
What do you want?
Okay.
I'm not gonna be here when
you get home from school.
Jack and I are going to
Austin for the weekend.
What?
I'll leave you money.
You can call Aunt Kim
if something comes up.
You really don't
remember, do you?
My music showcase
is on Saturday.
Oh honey, I'm sorry.
I'll come to the next one.
Whatever.
You're my little snowflake.
Hey, I love you.
For the record,
you can't pull off
the walk of shame
look anymore, okay?
Babe, you were awesome.
So there's a party
tomorrow night, you in?
Right on.
So I'll text you the address.
What up, Rose?
Hi.
What was he doing here?
Isn't he that cheerleader's
boyfriend or something?
Boyfriend's a strong term.
What are you doing here?
Oh fuck.
I know I'm being
really annoying.
I just really need you to
figure this out with me.
Fine, but if I
play you're coming
to a party with me tomorrow.
No, I'm not.
Yeah, you are.
No, I don't want to.
Well, do you want me to
play the game or not?
I will go to the party if
you just take it seriously
so we can figure
it out together.
Great, let's do this.
♪ And to my complete surprise,
you from the county too ♪
I can't believe
I'm wearing this.
Ladies.
♪ Let's do this in the club ♪
♪ Yeah, you know what's up ♪
♪ See your boy all in the club ♪
♪ Don't worry baby
girl just come ♪
♪ Just kiss me,
girl, just love ♪
♪ Later on, yeah,
we gonna fuck ♪
♪ Don't worry, you
won't get messed up ♪
♪ When you see it
like this like word ♪
♪ Don't worry about
nothing baby just say hi ♪
♪ Nah, I'm still in the flesh ♪
♪ Still go babe I
still be the best ♪
♪ Oh yes, your man no contest ♪
♪ You could be yes to bless ♪
♪ You see me open the season ♪
♪ Saving the bar and
doing it for TV ♪
♪ Get down, we getting ready ♪
♪ We going off,
see you in there ♪
♪ Let's do this in the club ♪
♪ Yeah you know what's up,
let's do this in the club ♪
♪ Yo ♪
Hey, Rose.
You gotta try this,
it's really good.
♪ Uh, we getting crunk tonight ♪
♪ Everything gonna
be just so right ♪
All right.
Thanks.
♪ Yo, I know you want it bad ♪
♪ Don't worry
girl, we gonna star ♪
♪ We gonna do it till
they yell last call ♪
♪ That's right we
fake them all ♪
♪ Uh, you liking this ♪
♪ Uh, you just walked in ♪
♪ Long as we represent,
tonight we in this shh ♪
♪ Yeah, you know ♪
♪ We gonna party tonight ♪
♪ Turn the music up ♪
Your chalice, my lady.
Thank you.
If you couldn't tell
I don't really drink.
Yeah, me either.
You really don't look
like you're in college.
No?
Neither do you.
I'm just here with my friend.
Nice.
I'm Justin.
I'm Rose.
Well, it is nice
to meet you, Rose.
It's nice to meet you too.
Do you wanna go
sit down somewhere?
I'm not gonna have sex with you.
Wow.
Okay, well let me at least
not buy you dinner first.
I'm sorry,
I sometimes just...
You know, I was honestly just
thinking maybe the patio.
After you?
You okay?
Hey, you all right?
Okay well, now you gotta
tell me everything.
And start from birth but
leave out all those messy bits
like the placenta and the blood.
Did you say placenta?
Placenta is the worst opening
line in history I think.
You know, now that I
actually say it out loud
it sounds pretty bad.
Placenta.
- Placenta.
- Stop saying it then.
- What, placenta?
- Yes.
You wanna know what's crazy?
I don't think that
I have ever actually
said that word in
my entire life.
You must inspire me, Rose.
I don't know whether
I should be honored
or just creeped out.
Oh, definitely
creeped out, yeah.
Okay.
So it was really fucked up.
So the girls lured her out there
and then they tried to kill her.
It's like some Dexter
level shit right there.
I actually did hear about that.
Something about
some internet game.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
Yeah man, that's
creepy pasta, dude.
They blamed it on Slender Man.
They said that he
told them to do it.
What if he really did do it?
Are you saying you think
that the Slender Man is real?
It's just the
whole thing is that
you look at a photo of him
and then you go crazy, right?
You do know that it's
all a joke, right?
Please tell me you know that.
No, but that's what happened.
They looked at the photo
and then they went crazy.
So doesn't that mean it's real?
I know a creepy pasta game.
What game is that?
47.
Cadence, no.
What are you doing?
I mean, unless you're
too scared to play,
- we don't have to.
- No, uh.
Yeah no, I'm
definitely not scared.
Okay, then play with me.
Okay, bring it on.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come,
through darkness and blood
if you're real pick one.
Please don't do it.
- It's just a silly game.
- Better hurry.
Okay, through the.
- From the fires of Hell...
- From the fires of Hell.
- We dare you to come...
- We dare you to come.
- Through darkness and blood...
- Through darkness and blood.
- If you're real pick one.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
Through the...
That was not cool.
Hey, don't worry about it.
It's just some stupid game.
It's bullshit.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I hate to interrupt this
little teen skank drama fest,
but I played that generic game
and as you can see I am
fucking thriving.
Wait, you played the game?
Yeah, don't be so fucking basic.
When, when did you play it?
Wednesday after the
wrestling matches.
At the after party, we actually
played a lot of games there.
Wrestlers are a lot of fun.
Well, if it isn't Lila
Larson, head cheer-cunt
or is it cunt-leader,
I can't remember?
Ooh.
Wow Liam, this is a
new low, even for you.
Well, remember, you were the
one that broke up with me so...
You know, I'm sure
somehow in that little
twisted mind of yours
you think that having sex
with my ex makes
you as good as me,
that it somehow validates you,
but he told all his friends
that he's only fucking you
because you do ass
to mouth.
Oh my God!
- You are disgusting!
- Cadence!
Fuck!
Come on, let's go,
let's go, let's go.
Here, come on, we have
to get her out of here.
Almost there.
No, no, I don't wanna go home.
- No, no.
- Come on.
Be careful, be careful.
Watch your head,
watch your head.
Okay, I'm taking us home.
Do you want me to follow you?
Are you gonna be okay?
No I'm gonna be good, thank you.
All right.
Hey, I'm really sorry that
my sister was such a bitch.
It was like growing
up with this little
evil blond sociopath.
That's probably why
I'm a psych major.
Yeah, I just, I didn't
know you had a sister.
Yeah, Lila.
Lila Larson is your sister?
I'm afraid so.
Wow.
Ah shit, dude!
Hey, I'm on probation,
all right so we gotta go.
- All right.
- Come on.
- Okay.
- Yeah, you should get going.
Yeah, you should get going.
Okay.
- We'll see you later?
- Yeah, I'll see you soon.
- Okay. Bye!
- Okay.
Buenos Dias, Cadence!
Dormiste bien?
I got you orange juice.
Why are you speaking Spanish?
Because we have a Spanish
test to study for.
Why are you in such a good mood?
Because it's a
beautiful day out.
What happened last night?
You don't remember?
The last thing I remember is
dancing in the living room.
Okay, well, a lot more
than that happened.
Like what?
Actually, just
don't tell me okay?
I don't want to know.
Are you sure you don't
want me to tell you?
No, I woke up in my own
bed with my clothes on
with no tattoos or
visible injuries.
I'd say I'm good.
Okay well, long story short
is that Lila Larson is alive,
which means that the
game is bullshit.
Lila Larson, the cheer-cunt.
The cunt-leader, yeah, you
made the same joke last night.
Wait, she was at the party?
Yeah.
Did she see me with Liam?
And?
And it was a little bit awkward.
Oh, fuck.
Okay, well don't tell
me anything else.
No you need to know this.
Lila Larson is alive.
She played the game Wednesday
after the wrestling match
and she was at the
party Saturday night,
which means that two days
went by, more than two days.
So the game is bullshit.
Yay!
I kinda wish it was real
just so we could see her die.
Well, she didn't die but
you puked all over her.
Okay, you can go now.
It was green
and nasty and gross.
Hey.
What's happening?
Did somebody die or something?
Students, I think most of
you have heard the news
by now that a student at
Lincoln Heights High School
has passed away.
Lila Larson was loved
for her school spirit
and vibrant personality.
She was an excellent
cheerleader.
Her vivacious personality
will be missed in this class.
She was also an
excellent student.
Memorial services will be
held soon, so stay tuned.
We'll let you know as soon
as we have information.
She didn't even know Lila!
Hey, what's the matter?
She got the day wrong.
What?
Lila's dead.
Wait, are you serious?
She said she played
the game on Wednesday
after the wrestling
match 'cause that's
when wrestling
matches usually are.
This week it was on Thursday
because of the storm.
She didn't make it two days.
No, that's just a
coincidence, okay?
A freakish and sad coincidence.
She's dead, Cadence.
She played the
game and she died.
Well, that's not possible
because it's not real.
I don't know, I mean what if...
What if it is real?
I don't wanna die.
I know.
Well, let's think.
I mean, the game's on me, right?
No, it's on Justin.
Wait.
Fuck.
I mean, why the fuck would
I play the game with him?
Jack Daniels made
you do it I guess?
So what, they found
her car in the creek?
No, they found it next to
creek and she was drowned
in the creek like the
car had crashed and
she was running
away from something.
You don't think she
just had too much
to drink at the
party or something?
No, I don't think everyone
gets as drunk as you do.
Right, because it
makes a lot more sense
that a fucking iPhone
game killed her.
God, it's so dumb.
No, what's dumb is
living in denial.
This is real, it's happening.
I know you don't like
talking about real shit...
Excuse me?
You can't just run
away from this one.
You can't just deactivate
your Facebook page
and hope for the best.
Me, runaway?
Okay Bang-her, Maine, fuck you!
If you really don't
care then that's fine.
I'll just figure it out
all by myself, I guess.
- Rose.
- Hi.
Hi.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I don't know, it's just
really, it's surreal.
I know this might not be
the appropriate thing to say
but I'm just really
happy to be seeing you.
Do you wanna go outside?
Yeah, that'd be really nice.
Come on.
I know you think that she was
probably just some evil bitch.
No, I don't.
No, she was.
But that wasn't really her.
I don't know, I think
that she was just so,
she was so desperate to
be popular, you know?
It changed her.
I'm really glad that
you came here today.
To be honest with ya,
I wasn't sure that I was
ever gonna see you again.
I need to ask you something.
Yeah, of course, what is it?
We need to play that phone game.
The one that we played
on Saturday night.
What?
Are you serious, now?
Yeah, it's really important.
But why?
I know that this sounds crazy.
I just need you
to trust me, okay?
That game is real.
It's what killed your sister.
That is not fucking funny.
I'm not trying to be funny.
I just need you to believe me.
It's real.
It killed your sister and
if you don't play it again
it's gonna kill you too.
Please, Justin.
What the hell is
wrong with you, freak?
Just get out of my way.
I really think that
you should leave.
All right.
You need to come
with me right now.
What?
I need you to play 47 hours now.
Okay look, I don't know
what is wrong with you two
all right, but
whatever sick obsession
- you have with this game...
- If you don't play the
game you're gonna fucking
die, so just do it.
Look, I'm sorry
about your sister.
I really am, okay?
But I don't have the
time to explain to you
what's going on here so unless
you want me to make a
scene in front of your
entire fucking family,
then you'll just do it.
Take the phone.
There you go, game's on me now.
I can't breathe.
I can't breathe, help me!
Help me, I can't breathe!
I'm rotting!
Cadence, honey, come here.
Are you okay, are you okay?
What happened?
Here.
Okay, you're fine, you're fine.
Just night terrors?
What?
Honey, you cracked your screen.
Yeah.
That's really scary.
I think we should start
alternating every night.
I don't wanna take any chances.
I don't care what we do.
We just need to
figure this shit out
'cause I'm not playing this for
the rest of my fucking life.
So then meet me at the
library during lunch.
Okay.
Who the fuck wrote this thing?
It looks like whoever wrote it
didn't want us to
know who they are.
Yeah, well that's too bad.
Fuck me.
We have an address.
♪ On your casting couch ♪
♪ Your bong right in my mouth ♪
♪ But that's over now ♪
♪ You run down, down,
down, down, down ♪
♪ Dear Harvey ♪
♪ I think it's nice to be ♪
♪ Gotta count that love
you bitch time's up ♪
Excuse me, is this the
Spider's Web office?
What?
The horror site, Spider's Web.
We're looking for
Raven Lockness.
Raven Lockness!
Jesus Fucking
Christ, I have a fan.
Do you run the horror
site the Spider's Web?
Just until I sell
my first novel.
Full scholarship to
college, English degree,
summa cum laude,
and look at me now.
Stay in high school
forever, girls.
The real world is a
goddamn horror show.
Can you please sit down
and just talk to us?
So where do you get the
stories that are on your site?
Are you the one who writes them?
I write some of them.
What about "47 Hours"?
The summoning game?
I didn't write that one.
That's not on my site anymore.
Yes it is, we just played it.
So you know about it?
We think that that
game cursed us somehow.
Probably think we're nuts.
No, the mind is
a powerful thing.
If you believe it,
then it's real.
Anonymous, no author.
No that's not possible,
someone must have written it
so can you just look
up who submitted it?
Well, a lot of
the stories online
are written by lots of people.
They're written and
rewritten and shared
and collected and added to.
They're basically
like urban legends.
They come from sort of
a collective
consciousness, I guess.
Okay, so what are you saying?
I can't tell you who
actually wrote it.
I can tell you who
posted it though.
Great, thanks.
You need to take that game down.
Thanks so much for your help.
Who are you texting?
Liam, his roommate's a
full-blown computer hacker.
That's how he gets all
his bootleg video games.
When are we gonna
get together again?
Come on, you know.
For a little one on one time.
Well never, if you keep
saying it like that.
Why do you have
so many computers?
The bottom six are mining
bitcoin and the top three
are running different
bots on Warcraft.
Huh.
Yeah, that seems about right.
So why exactly do you
want this address?
It seems weird.
If I told you, you
wouldn't believe me.
Well, here you go.
6661FM 991 Red Water, Texas.
East Texas, north of
Longview, near Texarkana.
Yeah.
- Let's go.
- Thank you.
Be careful.
In my experience, people
who post anonymously
do it for a reason.
Wait, Cadence.
Maybe this wasn't
such a good idea.
It's a fucking horrible idea.
What do you want?
Sorry to bother you.
Not very sorry, it seems.
We're just looking for
the author of this story.
It's called 47 hours.
Well, I never read no books
so you're in the wrong place.
It's not a book, it's just
a story on some website.
It's called the Spider's Web.
I never heard of it,
and I definitely did
not put anything on it.
Well, does anyone
else live with you or?
Like I said.
I don't know nothin' about
no stories on a website.
Psst, over here.
You read the story?
Course they read the story,
why else would they be here?
But did they read the story?
They have the look,
definitely read it.
Did you read it?
Yeah, yeah, we read it.
How long, how long
have you been playing?
Tell me, how long?
About a week.
Just a week, that's all.
Ask us how long
we've been playing.
Ask us.
Five years.
We've been playing
the game five years.
Did you write it?
We.
We posted it but
we didn't write it.
Where did
you get it from?
From the web, where else?
So who wrote it first?
- Him, I suppose.
- Shh!
Who is he?
Don't be silly,
you know who he is.
That's right, or you
wouldn't be here.
The more you play, the
more you'll see him.
Well, I don't get it?
Why would you post it if
you knew the bad things
that would happen
to other people?
Because if you die maybe
he'll leave us alone.
What the hell are
you doing here?
You okay?
Yeah, I...
I just thought we'd
get some answers today.
I know, we're gonna
figure it out though.
And fuck him, whoever he is.
We're not gonna die.
I don't wanna end up
like those girls either.
Yeah well, I'm pretty
sure those inbred bitches
were freaks way
before this started.
It's time to switch.
Rose!
Hey, you okay?
I mean, other than that
huge zit on your cheek?
Oh relax, it's a tiny zit,
it's the least of our worries.
Actually, I think I
found a solution, look.
Death row.
What do you mean?
All we have to do is play
with a death row inmate.
I mean, we'd have to do it
through the glass or some shit
but I think it would work.
Are you being serious?
Yeah, I mean, they're
gonna die anyways.
It's a win-win situation.
What?
I don't know if I can do that.
Wait, why?
[Announcer Paradise awaits
you at the incomparable
Wakuini Kanuki Resort on the
beautiful island of Lanai.
You off today?
I have a surprise.
For me?
Well, for us.
We're going on vacation?
Well, I am.
We are, Jack and I.
Honeymoon!
Right.
Okay, so what does this
have to do with me?
Well, we're all
moving to Austin.
Jack has family there
and his grandmother isn't
doing well so he wants
to be close to her.
She's rich, about to die, right?
How noble of him.
Noble and financially
beneficial.
Can't you just be
happy for me, Cadence?
It's not always about you.
He's the best thing that
ever happened to me.
Really?
Don't you feel sorry for
yourself, what about me?
I gave and I gave and
I gave to your father
and he left you to
raise me all on my own.
Oh well, I'm sorry you were
- subjected to raise me.
- No, I loved raising you.
But now I need to
do something for me.
I mean, don't I deserve that?
Jack makes me feel
good, I'm finally happy.
Well, I'm not
moving to Austin so.
I understand, you wanna finish
out high school
with your friends.
You can move in with your dad.
Fuck that!
Sweetie, we'll figure it out!
Oh, I'm staying over
at Jack's tonight.
You're on your own for dinner.
Cadence?
Hello?
Holy shit, Rose.
I thought you were her mother.
What time is it?
Is her Mom downstairs?
No.
Good.
So I guess you're
gonna judge me now too.
Go ahead, it's true.
I'm a horrible person.
No you're not.
What happened?
What didn't happen,
life fucking happened.
We can't all be
perfect like you.
Just go, okay.
We have to play.
Oh my God, enough
with the fucking game.
I'm done, I'm not
doing it anymore.
I'm sorry but we
really have to play.
What, are we just
gonna play everyday
for the rest of our lives?
Thanks, but no thanks.
I'll just let it kill me, okay.
It'll be doing me a
favor at this point.
Oh, that's right, it's on you.
Well, let's fix that.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
From the fires of Hell we...
There, it's done.
Just go, okay, I need to sleep.
The experiment with
baby monkeys showed
that the monkeys who were
denied physical contact
were more likely to
exhibit aberrant behaviors
such as self mutilation,
autistic rocking...
Dr. Harlow's critics believed
that these experiments
actually did not transfer
to human subjects.
They believed that
nursing was as important.
Hey, you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I wouldn't talk to
her if I were you.
She might put a curse on you.
Everybody knows about that
weirdo witchcraft shit
you put on Justin.
She wanted him to drink
her menstrual blood.
All right, ladies, break it up.
Do I need to take that?
No, you don't have to take it.
Your assignment is
to write an essay
on the importance
of physical contact
and what the emotional
and physical effects
are in the absence of contact.
Hey.
You're here.
Yeah well, I didn't have
anywhere else to be.
I figured you'd probably
be too hung over.
Trust me, I am.
Um, okay, so I have peer
tutoring after school,
and then I was thinking
that maybe I could come
to your house afterwards
and we could talk
about the prison inmate thing.
I think it is a really good idea
and I'm really happy
that you stuck with this.
Okay well, I'm working
at the drive-in
so why don't you
just meet me there?
Okay.
Ladies, this bathroom's closed.
You can't smoke in here.
And yet here I am, Peter.
You know I'm gonna have
to report you now, right?
Come on, come on.
I got a lotta work to do.
Okay, that's it,
you're free to go.
I'm sorry it's been really hard.
I'll see you on Thursday.
Shit, the
game's still on me!
What the fuck, dude?
I told you no phones on shift.
Hey Cadence, um it's me.
I think we made a
mistake with the game.
I think that it's on me
now and we gotta play
by 7:47 or something
bad is gonna...
The mailbox
is full and cannot
accept messages at this time.
- Goodbye.
- Ah, fuck!
You know, that could
be an emergency?
I'll have you know my
grandma's really ill.
You told me your
grandma had passed.
Well I have two grandmas, so...
Fuck.
Come on.
And what that means,
folks, is that if you
are in the path of that storm,
and I can't stress this enough,
you need to take shelter
and protect yourself.
Peter!
Hey, hey, Peter!
Peter, it's me!
Peter!
Peter?
Hello?
Wait!
Wait, stop, I need your help!
Sorry guys, I need your help!
What the hell happened to you?
I just need your help.
I need you to play
this game with me.
47 hours, it's...
Have you have a complete
mental breakdown?
- No, I...
- Let go of me, you freak.
My life really depends on this.
Oh good, I'm glad your
life depends on it.
I hope you do die, you
stupid little bitch.
You seem to be
under the impression
that anybody here cares
whether or not you die.
I'll play with you.
Really?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
From the fires of Hell,
we dare you to come
though darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.
Okay, now you go
from "fires of hell."
From the fires of Hell...
Just right now.
Aw.
Oh.
Stop that crazy bitch!
She assaulted me
in the bathroom!
Come on.
You have reached the
- voice mailbox...
- Shit.
Where in the hell do you think
- you're going?
- I gotta go find Rose.
Are you crazy, you can't leave.
There's a damn storm
bearing down on us.
You know, they act like
there's gonna be a tornado
every time it fucking
rains in this town
and nothing ever happens
so I think I'm fine.
Cadence!
Whoa, what the hell
happened to you?
- Where's Cadence?
- She's not here.
What do you mean she's not here?
She just left.
Well, where did she go?
She went looking for you.
I told her it wasn't a good idea
with the damn storm and all.
Your phone, I need your phone.
On the wall there.
Hey, hey girl!
What are you doing?
I don't know her number.
You don't know her number?
How is that possible?
You girls call each other
about every five minutes.
You must have her number, right?
You got a directory
or something?
- Probably.
- Okay, so where is it?
All right, okay, just calm down.
- Gotta be here somewhere.
- Where do you keep the files?
- Carbondale directory.
- Yes, yes, Carbondale.
Fuck.
Hello?
Cadence? Thank God.
Rose, where are you?
Why haven't you been
picking up your phone?
There's been a problem
with the game that's...
There's been some
sort of mistake.
I need you to get back
here as soon as possible.
Okay, I'm, I'm coming.
These storms get any
worse, you get your ass
to a storm shelter, you hear me?
Yeah.
There's been reports of
power flashes from the...
Cadence!
I'm here, take it,
take it, take it!
From the fires of Hell
we dare you to come.
Rose!
Rose, Rose, Rose, you're
okay, you're okay.
I can't feel my leg.
No, no, you're
okay, you're okay.
My legs aren't okay.
Just take it, take it, take it!
Here.
From the fires.
Of Hell we dare you to come.
- Through the darkness.
- Through the darkness
and blood, if you're
real pick one.
Through the fire...
What?
Cadence, what's wrong?
Nothing.
Cadence.
You're okay, it's
just a stupid game.
And a huge chunk
of the movie screen
falls from the sky
and cuts Rose in half.
And?
That's it, he got her.
Stupid bitches, they
tried to outsmart it.
That never works.
Right.
And all the demons I've
ever summoned hate that.
Have you ever even
really tried it?
I'm serious!
Whatever, it's not real.
Of course it's not real.
Oh my God, you're
fucking scared.
No I'm not, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Okay.
Let's play.
From the fires of Hell,
we dare you to come
through darkness and blood,
if you're real pick one.